*בעברית לא תמצאו את המחקרים המעמיקים רק מידע בסיסי שלא חקרו לעומק.*


נגיף שקיים אלפי שנים ועובר טרנספורמציה בגופם של בני אדם וחיות


ברגע שהאדם נדבק.


אין דרך חזרה.


הנגיף מתחיל להתרבות בגופו


חודר לגזע המוח 


והופך את האדם לנשלט עלידי הטפיל


?If the parasite can alter rat behavior, does it have any effect on humans
[link]

Dr. E. Fuller Torrey (Associate Director for Laboratory Research at the Stanley Medical Research Institute) noticed links between Toxoplasma and schizophrenia in human beings, approximately three billion of whom are infected with T. gondii



Toxoplasma infection is associated with damage to astrocytes { }, glial cells which surround and support neurons. Schizophrenia is also associated with damage to astrocytes.

Pregnant women with high levels of antibodies to Toxoplasma are more likely to give birth to children who will develop schizophrenia.

Human cells raised in petri dishes, and infected with Toxoplasma, will respond to drugs like haloperidol; the growth of the parasite stops Haloperidol is an antipsychotic, used to treat schizophrenia"

Parasites Practicing Mind Control
[link]


Protozoa Could Be Controlling Your Brain
[link]
Some protozoa infect the brain of their host, shaping its behavior in ways most suited to the pathogen, even if it leads to the .suicide of the host

What Does It Mean When 2 Billion People Share Their Brain With A Parasite? 
[link]

"They include devastating damage to the brain, nervous system and eyes. Now there is growing evidence that some people, maybe a lot of people, have subtler symptoms triggered by the infection. Perhaps the immune response, while keeping the parasites in check, causes collateral damage elsewhere. Or maybe the parasites, which produce the neurotransmitter dopamine and interact with the cells it infects, modifies behavior of its ******
We asked a leading authority on Toxoplasma gondii and toxoplasmosis, Rima McLeod, MD, professor of ophthalmology & visual science and pediatrics and medical director of the toxoplasmosis center at the University of Chicago, a big question: What do we think happens when billions of people go through life with a parasitic brain infection?"


Nearly one-third of the 7.25 billion people on earth, including an estimated 60 million people in the United States, are chronically infected with the protozoan Toxoplasma gondii. A working immune system can keep the parasite in check, so only a minority of those infected has significant symptoms. But when an unsuspecting woman gets infected during pregnancy and passes the parasite on to her unborn child, the consequences can be profound.

They include devastating damage to the brain, nervous system and eyes. Now there is growing evidence that some people, maybe a lot of people, have subtler symptoms triggered by the infection. Perhaps the immune response, while keeping the parasites in check, causes collateral damage elsewhere. Or maybe the parasites, which produce the neurotransmitter dopamine and interact with the cells it infects, modifies behavior of its ******

There is a rapidly proliferating form, Tachyzoites, (Image: EBissati, Fomovska, McLeod et al, AAC)

There are bradyzoites in tissue cysts (Image: Samuel, Mack, Wender, Rothbard, McLeod , PNAS, 2003)

There are also coccidian stages in the cat intestine, where the parasite forms oocysts, (Image: D.Ferguson, Oxford University)
This is an equal-opportunity parasite. It infects persons all over the world, with no respect for place, ethnicity or socioeconomic status, although host genetics do play an important role in the manifestations of infection.