"This is an article about "targeted individuals" written with the intent to clarify some of the confusion which is undoubtedly surrounding your very unfortunate circumstances. Let's begin by defining exactly what a targeted individual is. Essentially, a targeted individual has officially been declared an "enemy of the State". Your unrelenting harassment has now entered an entirely new phase. From what was once State and most likely federal law enforcement surveillance (for whatever reason) has now graduated to a little-known CIA / U.S. military psychological harassment & physical torture campaign that is so extensive and seemingly so absurd to the average American citizen, you will almost certainly be labeled as having a mental illness and/or paranoia just for simply describing what has now become your daily reality. The only other people that truly understand the extent of the harassment & torture are fellow targeted individuals who have also been experiencing similar violations of their civil, constitutional and basic human rights.

"I'm being followed everywhere I go", "it seems like they are everywhere", "it's like they can read my mind and know where I'll be"...these are the types of statements, that while actually quite accurate (keep reading), can easily make a targeted individual appear to have lost their mind. In order for it to make more sense, let's once again review who is now orchestrating this abuse against a targeted individual. Our military (essentially our international police force) and our intelligence community are in control. This harassment campaign has reached the highest levels of our government and as such, the resources at their disposable are truly unimaginable. Is it just the military perpetrating this harassment campaign? Of course NOT! They have simply been handed control. What this means for a targeted individual is that EVERY law enforcement tool available from your local community watch, community organizations (ie Freemasons) and "concerned citizen" types all the way up through Homeland Security including the U.S. military have placed YOU in their crosshairs. If you are a targeted individual your conversations are being monitored (whether inside your home, your car, your office, and obviously your telephone), your movements and actions are constantly being monitored (whether inside your home or out in public), your electronic correspondence is being monitored (email, websites you visit, letters you write on your computer, etc) - you are being WATCHED! 24/7/365. Again, this isn't your local Sheriff sitting in an "unmarked" patrolcar eating his donut on a stakeout. A targeted individual has every known (AND classified) technology being deployed, and most likely TESTED, against them. Understand it and deal with it in a logical and sensible manner. I don't mean to alarm you, but this is the unfortunate reality that any targeted individual now finds themself in. Maybe it's a little clearer now HOW "they" can be everywhere you go and seem to be able to "read your mind". Targeted individuals are not crazy - but be very careful...the perception of mental illness is one of the many traps a program like this was designed to create. If not the actual illness itself.

So, besides an absolute abomination of a targeted individuals right to privacy, what other tactics are being deployed against a targeted individual. The hardest to prove and the most criminal tactic used (especially when a target has 3 young & developing children in the home such as myself) is a continuous poisoning and torture of the target by invisible directed electromagnetic radiation. If this is a new topic to you, it may be unclear exactly what electromagnetic radiation (EMR) is. After all, it's not exactly the kind of topic an average American is thinking about. Well, to name a few examples, electromagnetic radiation ranges from radio frequency waves (RF) to the more destructive & potentially deadly ionizing forms of x-rays and gamma rays. In the lower to mid spectrum there are also radar waves, microwaves, ultraviolet and infrared light waves.

What I noticed when this harassment campaign began for myself toward the end of 2005 was the continuous jet plane(s) that suddenly began flying "holding patterns" for extended periods of time above & around my home. My theory is that these planes are equipped with sophisticated radar imaging technology. Possibly very high powered infrared imaging cameras as well. Rather than using these electromagnetic radiation devices to "search" for something, in the case of a targeted individual these devices are used to slowly poison and "overload" the targeted individual with continuous high doses of directed electromagnetic radiation. Once a targeted individuals body has been properly overexposed over a period of time (months), other ********* devices may then be used to keep a target in a constant state of agitation and dis-ease. And for the more fragile among us, maybe even death! This tactic can be the premier form of making a target seem crazy by forcing them to report what appear to be insane accusations against neighbors, the people "following them everywhere", planes over their home and the government. Another obvious reason for deploying this invisible & silent torture tactic is to provoke a targeted individual to lash out in sheer frustration and anger against the closest person (who most likely has absolutely nothing to do with the ongoing abuse). Essentially, this is the ultimate version of entrapment. And may even be the ultimate, basically unprovable form of a state-sanctioned murder!"



ARE YOU UNDER TRAUMA CONTROL 
YOU MORE POWERFUL THAN YOU THINK


https://sites.google.com/site/target...survival-guide