.Gang stalking and its preternatural connections

Evil takes many forms in this world. It's areas of influence go deeper into the workings of our lives and institutions than many are aware of. We began SIS with the goal of protecting people from the manifestations of this evil, and when asked, cleansing their environments from it. Though it may be hard for some to fathom, our world is influenced, manipulated, and managed by what some refer to as Archons(Def. a ruler).
In Ephesians 6:12 we find other titles for them: For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against theauthorities, against the powers of this dark world and against thespiritual forces of evil in the heavenly ******** 
Here are some other titles in Romans 8:38: For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come,
These beings have one primary purpose. The ruination of mankind's soul. I will cover the many means they employ to accomplish this in future articles. They feed off of human suffering. It very literally is food for them. These are very grim topics, but ones which must be addressed.
Today's entry will cover a subject which is not widely known by the public. It is a tactic which is used to drive people over the edge. It is called Gang Stalking. Gang Stalking is a systemic form of control, which seeks to control every aspect of a Targeted Individuals life. Gang Stalking takes place outside in the community. It's called Gang Stalking, because the target is followed around and placed under surveillance by groups of organised Civilian Spies/Snitches 24/7. I personally dealt with this situation when I was a law enforcement officer. I was investigating a large organization of luciferians, and they employed all of the tactics in this article to derail my investigation.
Predatory Gangstalking is also called "terror stalking", "gangstalking", "flash mobbing", "cause stalking," "hate stalking," "multi-stalking, "happy slapping," "workplace bullying, 
and "covert war."


?The reasons why it is employed
You found the wrong forum on the internet and saw something you should not have seen; you worked for a company and found out some sensitive information; you got on the wrong side of someone who is a member of the vast satanic or luciferian cabal; etc.
What does this have to do with the field of the paranormal? On a macrocosmic level, preternatural beings are the driving force behind activities such as gang stalking. The destruction of a person feeds them. It also fits in with their overall agenda. People who are victims of gangstalking are people who pose a threat to the goals of the dark principalities.
In addition to being stalked by large groups of people, malevolent/demonic entities may be attacking you in the night, and disembodied voices may be harassing you at all hours. Though seemingly unrelated, all of these subjects tend to be connected.
The goal of Gang Stalking

The expressed goal of Gang Stalking is to silence a victim, drive a victim insane and possibly to the point of suicide, or destroy the victim's reputation and believability as the person will likely be viewed as mentally ill should they complain or report the abuse. Gang Stalking is also used to gather information on individuals as well as force individuals to move or leave an area.

Motivations for the abuse

Motivations for Gang Stalking vary. Revenge for a real or imagined offense(People in these organizations are quite petty, mirroring their preternatural handlers); false accusations of a "horrible crime" of which the victim has gotten away with(Used to discredit the victim and destroy his/her reputation); silencing a corporate "whistle-blower"; defecting from a cult; a perceived enemy of a group or organization; "knowing too much" are all examples of possible motivations. 

Who are the stalkers?

The stalkers, for the most part, appear to be everyday citizens. They wear business suits, push their children in strollers, and shop at the local grocery store. They are encouraged to fit in with the community. Other stalkers are "street thugs" who have been hired to harass and intimidate.
Vast numbers of stalkers seem to have no idea that they are being controlled and used to harass people. Like a vehicle, the entities enter, use/drive them, and then exit. They will be going about their business one moment, then like a switch being flipped, they are your worst enemy. They go about their assignment with an icy hateful demeanor or at times a nearly playful trickster persona. Under it all there is a constant seething malevolence that is palpable.
A gang stalking group is a well-run organization comprised of members who are unidentified as gangstalkers to the outside world. Until a group of gangstalkers turn their face towards someone selected to be one of their targets, members of society do not realize there is such an invisible group.
The practitioners of gang stalking are people who, for the most part, go about their business of daily life appearing like everyone else, except for their activities involved with Gang stalking. Gangstalking activities take priority over everything else in the lives of gangstalkers. Gangstalking is actually a lifestyle for those who participate in it.

Why people participate in Gang Stalking

-Some stalkers are told lies, either positive or negative in nature, in order to gain their participation
-Some stalkers are paid or receive other benefits
-Stalkers belonging to an organization may simply be following orders.
-Some stalkers may use their participation in order to repay a past favor.
-Peer Pressure/ Need to Fit In
-Former stalkers have stated they participated out of fear of becoming
the next target should they go against the group.
-Entertainment Value/Thrill of Participation in an Illegal activity.
-Nearly all willing stalkers have a cult/satanic or luciferian group affiliation
-Some are controlled like puppets(flipping the switch)

Who, or what is behind Gang Stalking? 

Societies/Fraternities/Orders, Religious Cults and Destructive "New Age" Groups, Corporations, Government Organizations, Military, Concerned" Community Groups/Vigilante Groups, Criminal Organizations, etc.
Ultimately, the source of it all are the malevolent/demonic principalities. They are the true heads of state and corporations in this world.
Writer/Researcher Carissa Conti puts it this way: "The people involved with gang stalking activities may not always be piloting their own wheel, to put it in a straight forward manner. Other “stuff” may be manipulating them, working through them. There definitely seems to me to be a hyperdimensional component to it all – hyperdimensional, as in, non-physical realms and entities, whether positive or negative, that exist outside our own 3rd density physical reality, unconstrained by space-time, manipulating reality and working through people, like puppet masters from behind the scenes."http://in2worlds.net/gangstalking-an...ed-individuals
I highly recommend reading her article at the link above after you read this article. It conveys the otherworldly nature of this form of attack, and gives you the feeling of what it's like to be stalked.

Examples of Gang Stalking Harassment 

Flash mobs, Slashed Tires, Threatening Phone Calls, Verbal Assaults by Strangers, Property Damage, Death Threats, "Peeping Toms", Following on Foot or by Vehicle, Bizarre Notes and Drawings Left(usually of a satanic nature), Odd behavior by multiple people in relation to the victim(Everyone makes a certain gesture as they walk by, or mention victim's name while talking on their cellphones), Loitering, Anonymous False Accusations to Friends, Family, and Neighbors, Character Assassination, Smear Campaigns, "Black-Listing", Psychological Abuse, etc.
Tactics used by Stalkers 
Tactics of Predatory Gangstalking include highly coordinated surveillance (hidden cameras, conversation bugging in private aswell as public), harassment, and psychological, psychosocial, financial, and sometimes physical assaults on an individual by a large group of people who are often strangers to the targeted individual.
Anchoring

Anchoring is a technique employed by stalkers to implant a false motivation or reason behind the stalking, preventing the victim from discovering the truth. In more sinister examples, Anchoring involves the implantation of evidence to persuade the victim some other group or organization is responsible for the abuse. 

Baiting

The term "Baiting" is a stalking tactic used to lure a victim into environments, or situations, which cause further problems to the victim. Often "Baiting" involves tricking a victim into committing a crime or unknowingly engaging in an illegal activity such as assault. They trick the victim into thinking an innocent bystander is the culprit of their harassment and try to compel the victim into assaulting the person.

Brighting

Brighting is a term jokingly referred to by stalkers to indicate the practice of repetitive flashing of a car's high-beam headlights. The victim is usually followed and may be "flashed" from either a "tail-gating" vehicle or a passing or on-coming one. "Brighting" also occurs when bright lights are flashed into a victim's home-windows.
Electronic Harassment

Electronic Harassment is the use of technological devices to spy on or cause harm to targeted victims. For example, exposure to a high magnetic field has been shown to induce hallucinations in humans while exposure to intense microwave radiation induces psychotic episodes and causes brain damage.

A frequent form of Electronic Harassment involves beaming a low frequency "hum" or "tone" into a victim's home or general area. Over time, the exposure causes the victim to lose sleep, become agitated, and suffer the effects of prolonged stress. Such tactics are also being used in cases of hostage situations as well as covert government operations. These forms of magnetic fields can be caused by technological or preternatural means.

Ghosting

The term Ghosting refers to the practice of rearranging, or moving, of a victim's home furniture, lawn decorations, desk decorations at work, etc. The purpose of Ghosting is to make a victim question his or her sanity. Ghosting is also designed to make other's question the sanity of the victim, especially if the victim attempts to complain of the abuse.

Mimicry

Mimicry is a specialized form of harassment in which the stalkers publicly imitate every movement made by the victim. This shows an aspect of the trickster. It is a manifestation of the true source of the stalking.

Mobbing

Mobbing is a term that describes "Group Bullying". Of itself, Mobbing is not equated with gang stalking. However, Mobbing may be a tactic used by the perpetrators of gang Stalking.
"Flash mobbing" is an event occurring when a targeted individual is spotted in society. Their photo and location is immediately and simultaneously sent out by cell phone text messages and Internet email to all gangstalkers within a certain radius. All gangstalkers then suddenly descend upon the target as a mob.

Noise Campaign

A Noise Campaign is an orchestrated effort to produce stress in a victim through prolonged exposure to significant noise levels. A Noise Campaign can range from multiple neighbors routinely playing loud music, individual stalkers with air-horns or fireworks, or organized "repair work" that involves a high level of noise.
Sensitization

Sensitization is a psychological term referring to the forced association between a stimuli and a corresponding reaction. Stalkers use Sensitization to psychologically abuse a victim. For example, if a stalker constantly harasses a victim while wearing a blue baseball cap, then overtime the victim will begin to believe anyone wearing a blue baseball cap is a stalker and is coming to harass. Sensitization undoubtedly creates an extreme level of fear in a victim, in direct fulfillment of the intentions of the stalkers.
Street Theater

Street Theater is a term used to describe the odd-actions and behaviors that stalkers do in public, in an attempt to rile the victim.Such behavior often borders on the extremely bizarre and is aimed at a blurring of the boundaries between reality and fantasy in the minds of the victims.
Examples of Street Theater: Baiting, Brighting, Color Harassment, Convey, Directed Conversation, Ghosting, Mimicry, Noise Campaigns, etc.
Variations of Gang Stalking 
Gas-Lighting

The term Gas-Lighting originates from the 1944 film Gaslight. In the movie, the character of Gregory Anton, played by actor Charles Boyer, attempts to drive the character Pauline, played by actress Ingrid Bergman, insane. The phrase Gas-Lighting has come to mean similar actions and behavior, as used in the film, against a victim.
"The White Glove treatment"

"The White Glove Treatment" is slang for Gang Stalking as jokingly referred to by the Masons who either participate in, or know of its usage against so-called "Enemies of Freemasonry".

[Note: The phrase "The White Glove Treatment" is not limited to Freemasonry, as members of similar groups and organizations often practice Gang Stalking.)
Ritual Gangstalking
Reportedly performed by cults and secret organizations such as Satanists, secret orders of free masons, some voodoo /obeah practitioners and Scientologists as a means of control or for punishment. "Ritual abuse" is incorporated into "ritual gangstalking" patterns in this case.
Cybergangstalking
A situation where an individual is identified to be a target through Internet participation and their personal identity is determined. Cybergangstalkers pierce the electronic veil and are able to enter into the real life of a person, creating all forms of harassment, theft, psychological operations including slander and libel, and able to commit crimes against the targeted individual.


FU LIFELESS STALKERS